high-yield we see that the Zerg player
is also expanding there as well that'll
be a very harsh for the Protoss player
to realize and we see here in the income
tab that he's almost taking in detaining
1.4 yeah one and a half times the income
that the Protoss player is at this
moment let's go back to units and we see
here the army is comprised the mainly
zealots a very large amount of centuries
for some reason as we see the force
fields going up to defend against the
zerg link threat and we see that he
accidentally leaves a hole in his force
field and isn't can be able to do much
this immortals going to go down and this
century is also quickly going to go down
the circling player is wild in the
opponent's natural expansion let's see
here with the opponents building he
gonna be building another century and
some zealots if he can get that Center
up just to build the force field here he
might be in a good position to get out
some stalkers or some more immortals we
see here he still build Phoenix's which
is a non tactic at this point one needle
is scout on the field 11 overlords and
33 zerglings and most of them are
gathering outside the opponent's base
let's see we see a bunch rushing across
the map also the remainder is
the other ones are in the natural
expansion rushing against the Protoss
player and all we're gonna excellent
force field but too little too late for
the Protoss player as many circlings are
in his base and we see the centuries go
down quickly the cannon is doing some
work out there it's killing a few
zerglings the zerglings have very little
HP and I think they died from the photon
cannons and either one or two hits here
we see the Phoenix is using their
graviton beam beam capability to lift up
some of the zerglings but like I said
too little too late for the Protoss
player and I think this is going to be
the end of him if we can get this
gateway down this game is finished here
we see another gateway going up it's not
enough to do much his third gateway is
spittin out century still I'm not really
sure why century this is the unit of
choice here and the third player is
running around the base attempting to
gather more units we see hydralisk five
hydralisk scum into play here and 46 oh
sorry 14 zerglings still alive at this
point from his initial attack plus he's
spotting more gathering outside we see
him move his drones over to the
high-yield so we know he's not going to
lose any income at this time
still let's go to the production tab and
see how the Protoss player is funding
against the circling onslaught and we
see here he is building an immortal and
a century still plus a couple zealots oh
here we see his left the game he knows
he has lost at this point and avoid
wards just leaves the game anyways this
was my first commentary please stay
tuned for some more and just like the
shoto to SC two GG and just say sorry SC
two GT rise just say thanks for his
shout out and thanks for getting me into
commentary as he is my inspiration for
these videos alright hope you liked it I
will talk to you guys later I'm going to
be doing another commentary soon and i
will upload it shortly